docs: add a note about the Site Director for overriding the DIRAC version installed in the pilot (#8591)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/AdministratorGuide/Systems/WorkloadManagement/Pilots/index.rst

Version override
================

> If you want to override, for development or debugging purposes, the version of DIRAC being installed by the pilot, you can set the option ``/Resources/Computing/CEDefaultsModules`` to ``https://github.com/$DIRAC_test_repo/DIRAC.git:::DIRAC:::$DIRAC_test_branch``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to override, for development or debugging purposes, the version of DIRAC being installed by the pilot, you can set the option ``/Resources/Computing/CEDefaults/Modules`` to ``https://github.com/$DIRAC_test_repo/DIRAC.git:::DIRAC:::$DIRAC_test_branch``.
```

???

Author: Well spotted!

This trick allows, for example, to install at runtime a specific branch of DIRAC. For example ``https://github.com/DIRACGrid/DIRAC.git:::DIRAC:::integration`` would install the ``integration`` branch,
but similarly a non-released in-development branch can be set.

.. note::

>    The SiteDirector reads this option when it builds the pilots. After changing ``/Resources/Computing/CEDefaultsModules`` (or any other pilot configuration), you have to restart the SiteDirector agent for the change to be taken into account by the pilots it submits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The SiteDirector reads this option when it builds the pilots. After changing ``/Resources/Computing/CEDefaults/Modules`` (or any other pilot configuration), you have to restart the SiteDirector agent for the change to be taken into account by the pilots it submits.
```

DIRAC extensions can be added on the same line after a comma, e.g.:

.. code-block:: bash

>    /Resources/Computing/CEDefaultsModules=https://github.com/$DIRAC_test_repo/DIRAC.git:::DIRAC:::$DIRAC_test_branch,https://gitlab.cern.ch/$LHCBDIRAC_repo/LHCbDIRAC.git:::LHCbDIRAC:::$LHCbDIRAC_branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   /Resources/Computing/CEDefaults/Modules=https://github.com/$DIRAC_test_repo/DIRAC.git:::DIRAC:::$DIRAC_test_branch,https://gitlab.cern.ch/$LHCBDIRAC_repo/LHCbDIRAC.git:::LHCbDIRAC:::$LHCbDIRAC_branch
```
